




Dear trainees, 




Welcome on board. We are very happy to have you in our testing internship. Many people from our department can relate to this experience so we have some words for you right before everything starts: 




Make good use of all the learning opportunities you will get while here: the training sessions, coffe breaks, lunchtime,projects etc. You can learn from everyone around you starting with your trainers, other colleagues from the building and also from one-another. 




G et to know everyone and be curious about it ! It in this way you are going to know your department colleagues, find out which kind of testing are they using and start asking questions about them. Remember that you are here to learn and there is no shame in not knowing something. There is no such thing as a stupid question:) 




We all know how time flies! If you finish your task early, ask for something more to do. If you have a training session ask for more support material (website, magazines, documentation etc). If you have already played with a tehnology/tool etc that your fellow-trainees don't know about, do share your knowledge! 




What are you going to build during your internship will serve you as the foundation that will make you a great tester in the future. So enjoy it to the fullest! 










Other useful info: 


--> CONTACTS: 

HR responsible for QA department: Georgiana (skype: geo_melestean25) 
Secretary: Irina ( irina.baba51 for office supplies) 
IT Support: Mircea (mircea.precup) & Ionut (ionut.ureche) for office/desk/workstation/printer/email account/software/security 
For any IT related enquires, send an e-mail to: itsupport@evozon.com 
QA Department`s manager: Gabi Kis 
Management: Gabi (Cretu, technical manager) and Robert (Masic, business development manager) 
Your group's mailing list: qa-training@evozon.com 

-- > Evoportal : it`s accessible only from the office. If you have any trouble when using it, just let me know and I will help you as soon as possible. 
Please update your contact details in the contacts list in Evoportal when you get a spare moment: 
id skype / phone number 
birthday (will publish only the date, without the year ) 
a picture 





--> Food: 

Depending on your preferences: 


    * Bring food from home and use the kitchen ,equipped with cutlery and dishes, located at the first floor, entrance is at the secondary stairs 
    * Order food alongside other colleagues, using one of the following skype groups: https://join.skype.com/gXjiTkgJodMX or https://join.skype.com/dUbOts3pYXlM 
    * Go out for eating, we have some suggestions: Cantina Agronomia (Motilor nr 74), Livada (Clinicilor 14), Colin's (Cardinal Iuliu Hossu, NR 30) , Panemar (Motilor Nr 100A 



What's Next & Things to do on your first day: 
Enjoy a good cup of coffee, or some tea, you'll find them on each floor. 
Know your colleagues, team lead, PM - we're a welcoming bunch so don't hold back from a chat. 
Ask your HR if you have any questions. 
Check the library on WW , maybe there's some useful books for you there. You can also book a kindle with a certain book you want to read. 
Check what's cooking in Evozon by reading our Newsletter. 
Check out the upcoming knowledge sharing events @ EvoTalks. 
Say hello to Irina, you'll find her at the ground floor's reception, sign the gym and pool regulations. Irina will also hand you a discount card, see more info on the benefits section. 
Update Your EvoPortal profile ( Skype ID, Phone Number, BirthDay, A picture and Car No.) 




We wish you all a great experience, 

Gabi, Vlad V, Andrei, Alina, Iuliana, Vlad M, Horatiu, Cosmin, Dragos, Mihai, Calin, Andra, Dani si Geo 


; 
